What happened?
Nothing
Caleb, do you know why Jehovah wants us to tell the truth?
Telling the truth is like building a bridge with your friends
If you lie, they can't believe you and they might not want to be your friend
But dad, what if it's not such a big lie all lies are bad even little ones
One lie leads to another and they cause much harm
Do you remember who told the first lie?
Right, but what about Jesus? Would he ever lie?
Who do you want to be like?
Good my son, so what happened there?
Thank you for telling the truth
Next time something like these happens, what should you do?
I'll tell the truth, and can I tell mom I'm sorry?
Good idea, let's go do that right now
And then we'll pick up the broken pieces